something
=========

Hi,

Ticker is a Web-based project management and bug tracking system. The program is inspired by Trac, developed and maintained by Edgewall Software. Basically, the system admin creates project and assigns a Project Manager to it. The Project Manager can add Project members for the Project. It allows project members to raise tickets for the project they are assigned to.The tickets are assigned to the concerned project member. Project members can update a ticket and post comments for it.

Features:

1.User Registration
2.User Authentication
3.Project Management
4.Ticket Management

Technologies Used:

1.Language: Groovy 
2.Framework: Grails(REST Services)
3.UI Framework: Twitter Bootstrap
4.UI MVC : Angular JS
5.Database: Mysql
6.OS: Ubuntu


WEB SERVICES DESCRIPTION:

The Ticker application is implemented using rest services using grails. The services are independent of client side and can be used for any devices. The web services are called using angular js controller which is a JavaScript framework.

The  services are implemented using Grails. User is authenticated by Authentication Token, which is unique for every user and generated by hashing his email and login time. Authentication token is made null on Logout which is used for user’s session maintenance.

In order to save data in database, angular controller converts it into JSON and sends it to Grails Controller and hence it is saved in Database. To fetch Data from database, request sent goes to angular and it calls the grails service and retrieves data and returns it to angular. Hence the JSON object is displayed to the user.

The Rest Services are as follows:

Project Management:
	The services for Project management are:


1.Create Project
2.Add Members to Project
3.Update Project
4.Get all Projects
5.Get all members of a project
6.Get a project By Id
7.Get all registered users




Ticket Management:
	The services for Ticket management are:


1.Create Ticket
2.Update Ticket
3.Get all Tickets
4.Get all Tickets for a Project
5.Get all Tickets Assigned to User
6.Get all tickets Created by user
7.Get a Ticket By Id
8.Get all Open Tickets for a Project
9.Get all New Tickets for a Project
10.Get all registered users

History for Tickets:
	The services for Ticket History are:
	
	
1.Add history on every update of ticket
2.Get history for a Ticket
3.Get all history
